Brother Xiaoyu, please help me
Oh, dear.
He wouldn't let me drink and drink like this
Well, Brother Xiaoyu, don't blame him.
Tongtong, he's just you, don't listen to him
Hey don't touch me
Do not touch me
Oh, I need a drink.
Look at yourself today, Brother Yu
Tongtong didn't mean to be angry with you today.
He's just worried about you.
He just said something angry
Don't blame him.
Angry words are also words in his own heart
I don't answer every time I call
I'm afraid I'll get angry at night if I pick it up late.
I know what kind of temperament he has
Today he put me in front of so many colleagues
I've lost face, I'm not being strong now
Will I still have face in front of my colleagues in the future?
Oh, dear.
Then sometimes Tongtong's temper is really explosive
What are you drinking after feeding at the bar for 7 years?
Handsome guy have another drink
Who did you just drink with?
Could it be that
An Tong
You are getting too much
bear
Give me more wine
Tongtong, stop drinking
Brother Xiaoyu will be angry
angry
I won't forgive him anyway
Tongtong, stop talking